feat(Dialog, Grid Cell, Page): Add containment context to allow container-based layouts (#2562)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/dialog/README.md

- Wrap multiple buttons in an [Action Group](https://designsystem.amsterdam/?path=/docs/components-layout-action-group--docs).
- To open the Dialog, use `Dialog.open(dialogId)` from the React package.
- To close it, either call the `Dialog.close` function or add a `<form>` as in the ‘confirmation’ example.

> - Dialog provides a [CSS container query](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Containment/Container_queries) context for its content.

Reviewer: This may be easier to understand for our audience:

```suggestion
- Components placed inside Dialog can adapt their layout to the width of the Dialog itself, rather than the width of the browser window.
  This uses a [CSS container query](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Containment/Container_queries).
```

Can you update the other components as well?
